Pack a lunchbox and consume it on top of a trash can in the streets of District 11 at 1 PM today.
Bake dacquoise while the hour hand rests between 7 and 8, and eat it while watching a movie.
Initiate a game of Never Have I Ever with the first five people you encounter. When one folds a finger, break it.
Neatly clip the nails of the sixty-second person you come across.
Pet quadrupedal animals five times.
Pet quadrupedal animals five times.
Spin a wheel and throw a cake at the person determined by the result.
Consume eight crabs stored at room temperature and ripe persimmon at once.
At the railing on the roof of a building, shout out the name of the person you dislike, then jump off. The height of the building does not matter.
After a meal, discard all dishes that were used to serve it.
On the morning after receiving the Prescript, drink three cups of water as soon as you get up.
Race against residents that live in the same building as you to District 7. Measure the distance every twenty-three minutes and disqualify the one farthest away from the destination.
Within three days, knit a scarf with a butterfly pattern.
Dial any number. Give a New Year's greetings and words of blessing to whoever receives the call.
See green from a white wall.
Worm. Rat. Insect. You will know the rest.
When hungry, consume a Cheeki's cheeseburger with added onion.
Fold thirty-nine paper cranes and throw them from the rooftop.
At work, cut the ear of the first person to fulminate against you.
When your eyes meet another person's, nod at them.
Return to your home this instant. You may leave once a dog barks in front of your house one time.
Wear light green clothing and take 10 steps in a triangle-shaped alley.
Call the first person you meet a homosexual, then proceed to kiss them.
Do not go home until you have finished reading the value of e.
In 400,000 meters, turn right.
Sleep for a total of 800 hours per day.
Only eat and write with your right hand.
Order something online you don't need
Submit to the city's prescripts.
Waste your money on someone.
Go to sleep. You must dream about a bird locked in a cage. The bird's color does not matter.
Ensure that 2 plus 2 is equal to 5.
Visit the Index and receive your personalized reward.
Retrace all the steps you took today. Once you are back in bed, touch yourself.
Repeat yesterday's prescript. You must ensure that you wear glasses.
Come back tomorrow and act out your prescript twice.
Obey the first command you are given today.
Purchase something you will never use
Find someone at "+finalllocation+ " and make sure they never speak again.
Find someone at "+finalllocation+ " and listen to what they say.
Go somewhere unfamiliar and observe quietly for 10 minutes.
When you see a TV-headed fellow, subscribe to their Patreon. This prescript was 100% not forged.
